Chuck Norris ate a sheet of paper, then later found an origami swan in the toilet.
When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris' blood type is AK-47.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Once the cop pulled over Chuck Norris....the cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
Chuck Norris once threw a grenade, it killed 50 people. THEN it blew up.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
When Neil Armstrong landed on the moon, Chuck Norris was already there roasting hotdogs.
Chuck Norris doesn't lick postage stamps, he stares at them until they wet themselves.
When Chuck Norris crosses the street , cars look both ways.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because the only element Chuck Norris recognizes is the element of suprise
When Chuck Norris calls 911 it's to ask if everything is ok.
Chuck Norris doesent fly, gravity collapses around him
When Chuck Norris was asked if he believed that the world was going to end in 2012 he resonded: "Depends how I'm feeling that day."
Chuck Norris once stabbed a knife with a human being.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris invented black. In fact he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.